Reword users (#51)
CaptainSifff/paper_teaching-learning-RSE: paper_teaching-learning-RSE.md

#### Outside Party interaction (USERS)
Research software is often developed as part of the research process itself, and like the research process, it will change often and not unlikely in unpredictible ways.

> Because of this, research software often has to be developed very closely to its users, the researchers.

Reviewer: In an attempt of shortening:
```suggestion
Research software is often developed as part of the research process itself, therefore it often has to be developed very closely to its users, the researchers.
```

> Research software is often developed as part of the research process itself, therefore it often has to be developed very closely to its users, the researchers.

Reviewer: Sorry, to bother again, but we caught a duplication somehow here.

> This often means that it is hard to distinguish roles like developers and users because people often represent multiple roles.

Reviewer 2: There are too many 'often' in these two sentences, maybe we can invert the second one, e.g.
'Then, roles like developers and users can seldom be distinguished as most people represent multiple roles.'
